synopsis

giver
The giver is written from the point of view of Jonas, an eleven-year-old boy living in a futuristic society that has eliminated all pain, fear, war, and hatred. Then they spend their last years being cared for in the House of the Old until they are finally “released” from the society....

blue
Gathering Blue is the second book in The Giver Quartet. It follows a girl named Kira. In Kira's mind, her damaged leg should have haunted her at birth to exposure in the Field, the place where the dead, deformed or seriously injured are brought....

son
Claire is a twelve-year-old girl. She lives in an isolated village that is strictly controlled by those in power. When she turns twelve, Claire receives her work assignment, which is to be a birthmother....

meesenger
Set in an isolated community, known simply as Village, Messenger focuses upon a boy, Matty, who serves as message-bearer through the ominous and lethal Forest that surrounds the community....


kindred
The protagonist of Kindred is Dana Franklin, the young woman who is pulled into the past by her ancestor, Rufus Weylin. She is forced to learn to live as a slave and deal with Rufus' obsessive behavior until such time as her ancestor and Rufus' daughter, Hagar, is born....

alchemisy
The Alchemist follows the journey of an Andalusian shepherd boy named Santiago. Believing a recurring dream to be prophetic, he asks a Gypsy fortune teller in the nearby town about its meaning. The woman interprets the dream as a prophecy telling the boy that he will discover a treasure at the Egyptian pyramids....

lights
Lyra is a young girl, raised at Jordan College in Oxford. However, when she thwarts a plot to save her father's life, she is flung into a world of intrigue, manipulation and war on a scale even she can't imagine. When her friend Roger is stolen away, Lyra decides to find him and bring him back to his rightful home....

eyes
The book follows a London receptionist named Louise, who becomes romantically entangled with her psychiatrist boss, David, while secretly befriending his enigmatic wife, Adele....

